Clustering Definition:
    Clustering is an unsupervised learning algorithm.
it do the task of dividing the data points into variety of groups such that data points within
same clusters are simillar to other datapoints in same cluster than those in other clusters.

the aim is to form groups with simillar traits.

There are commonly two types of clustering algorithms , namely:
    1) K-means clustering.
    2) Hierarchical clustering.

K-Means Clustering:
in this algorithm, we group the items into k clusters such that all items in the same cluster are
    as simillar to each other as possible and items not in same clusters are as different as possible.

Distance measures (like euclidean) are used to calculate similarity and dissimilarity between the datapoints.
Each cluster has a centroid that we assume randomly, and while performing mean we got new centriods until 
the mean doesnt change.

step 1: choose the number k of clusters
step 2: select the random k centriods with in n data points
step 3: Assign each data point to the closest centriod based on euclidean distance or manhattan
        that forms k clusters
step 4: compute and place the new centroid of each clusters.
step 5: reassign each datapoint to the new closest centriod. if mean keep changing repeat from step4 
        until mean remian unchanged.

the value of k is very crucial for optimal outcomes from the algorithm. There are several techniques to
choose the optimal value for k including 
    - cross validation
    - silhouette method
    - G means algorithm
    - elbow method

Elbow method:
    objective function
    j = summation(summation(distance(pi, ck)2))
            |       |
        all clusters|
                 sum of all points distance to centriod
    
this is called wcss (within cluster sum of squares)

step 1 : we apply k means clustering algorithm for different values of k like 1 to 10
step 2 : for each k we calculate the wcss 
step 3 : plot curve of wcss according to the number of clusters
step 4 : location of bend in plot is generally considered as the approximate k value

key observation :
    when we calculate the wcss for all differnet values of k 
    each k produces different wcss value , for k = 1 generally wcss is higher
    and when k keeps increasing , wcss keeps decreasing 
    but at some point we find increasing k doesnt have much effect as like before 
    that means increasing cluster does doest produce much benefit 
    that position should be visually considered as elbow point

    first bend higher effect and higher change of wcss and second bend which produces
    no strong effect which is considered as best k.
